Welcome back guys.
So in this lecture I will show you this assignment answer and we are going to simulate the DC a servo
motor in Samuel link but this time an estimate by using transfer functions.
So first is assignment answer from the previous lecture we have.
These equations in XYZ domain you have vehicles to I.
Times are plus SL plus Becky MF Becky MF equals to k b times that seat a lot and talk equals to Katy.
Times I also talk equals to seats at all times.
J.
S plus B.
So our input here is a voltage by looking at the first equation we will feed the voltage the two something
point the voltage signal B and plus and there is another signal in minus which is a Becky M F signal
voltage minus spec IMF equals two ie times are plus says l so I will multiply by one over R Plus SL
to produce I.
Now by looking at the third equation we have eye times Katie equals to talk from this equation and from
last equation if I multiplied the torque times 1 over J S plus P I will produce seat that now I can
take the signal off a seat of thought and multiplied by KP In the second equation to produce is about
IMF and Becky MF can be seated to this summing point in order to produce I as you can see in the first
equation.
So this is a block diagram or modelling is a system in the s domain is very simple and very easy.
I want you to write down this model because we will use these blocks in our assembling model moving
to the semi link.
Now I have created this new model from the commonly used blocks.
I will add gain constant and scoop.
I will also add something point and from continuous I will add transfer function
I will use the same and file from the previous video.
This is my file which contains the different values or different system parameters or L key TKD the
J.
Back to the system.
So first of all I have this input which is constant 5 it's feed it to someone point
list of signs of the summing point are plus and minus
and I have to transfer functions so this is the first block of the first transfer function and that
will feed the signal here and I have two gains.
This is the first one
and we have zero as a transfer function
and from here we have a scoop because this is the output see thought and I can flip this this is the
K.B. so I will take another signal from here from see the vote multiplied by KP To reduce it by IMF
and feed it back to the summing point.
The first transfer function is 1 over plus SL So double take the coefficients are are or sorry.
L plus or L here would be less and R will be R now.
Okay now I have one over less plus or the second transfer function is one over G S plus B.
So this is J and this is B the first gain is Katie.
So this is Katie and this is K B.
Now I have a model that you see motor in as domain by using transfer functions which is very efficient
and very fast.
Now lets runs a small
I got an error here because I forgot to run my end file so I will pack and roms and file now run change
folder and I will pack and run the symbol link model again.
Now it takes time and simulation so we will wait
finished.
Now I can double click the scoop to check the speed of the shaft.
As you can see this is the velocity of the motor.
Don't get confused because of this graph.
Actually it's a constant value of nine point 6 1 5 1 which is the same result as the time domain modelling
system.
Double click on the scope here I will find that we have also commerce and value of line by line 6 1
5 1.
That's all for this review.
Thank you guys for watching.
The next review we will look at its API controller and similar link so see user.